[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>And I think many
people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome
to this edition of "Beyond
Belief," where my special
guest, Tom Benedict,
is a stone energy healer.
He literally uses
stones like this
to create an energy environment.
And each stone, Tom,
does something different,
doesn't it?
>> TOM BENEDICT: It does.
It's such a fascinating thing.
There are thousands of
different stones out there,
and we keep finding new ones--
what we would call new ones,
they might have been
around thousands of years.
>> NOORY: Sure, or billions.
>> BENEDICT: Billions
of years, exactly.
>> NOORY: You've brought
an array of stones.
>> BENEDICT: I did.
>> NOORY: And it looks like
there are like 12 to 15
different kinds.
How many different kinds
of stones are out there?
>> BENEDICT: You know,
that's a great question.
There would have to be
thousands of different stones.
At my shows I carry about
six to eight of these boxes.
I carry about 105
different items for people
to choose from.
A great variety I've covered.
>> NOORY: Let's go back to
the creation of these stones.
When the planet was being formed
4 and 1/2 billion years ago,
how did these
stones get created?
>> BENEDICT: It always takes
either a combination of certain
minerals being around in
certain environments that create
the stone itself.
Petrified wood is an example.
It has to be wood that
becomes in the right location,
the right pressure, so that the
mineralization of the crystals
can work up through the
item itself and create
the crystalline nature
of the petrified wood.
>> NOORY: I notice you didn't
bring me a box of diamonds.
>> BENEDICT: No, it's
not my cup of tea.
Diamonds are pure amplifiers.
And it don't matter
what it amplifies.
It could be bad
moods, good moods.
And so my suggestion is
for an engagement ring,
you know, I think
we've been programmed
to think that it should be
diamonds when it should be
something more along the
lines of rose quartz, or--
>> NOORY: Why are there certain
regions of the planet where
stones-- like a diamond, for
example-- are more prevalent,
South Africa, than other
areas on the planet?
>> BENEDICT: It all depends upon
the environment of that area,
many eons ago, we'll say.
And because of those
different environments--
the heat, the pressure-- all
of those stones got created,
like the diamond itself
is a pure carbon form.
But because of the
pressure and intense heat,
it creates the diamond
that we know now.
>> NOORY: So something may
have happened in that region?
>> BENEDICT: Exactly.
It could be anything
from volcanic reactions
that happened--
>> NOORY: An asteroid strike.
>> BENEDICT: That can be also.
That's where this stone
right here, the moldavite,
comes from.
It's through an asteroid strike.
So it takes all kinds of
different natural environments
to create different minerals.
And even though the same
minerals of items could be
in formation in one place,
it's not going to look exactly
the same as the same mineral
from another location .
They're going to have
a little differences.
>> NOORY: You are
an energy healer,
but you use stones to do it.
If you didn't have the stones,
could you still heal people?
>> BENEDICT: As
a matter of fact,
I use about 50-50
percent, we'll say.
Most the time when
I do energy work,
I realize everything is
vibrational frequencies.
And all of the
frequencies that I need
are available
throughout the universe.
And I don't have to have
that mineral right in my hand
that would be the
perfect stone to be used.
I just know that I can ask that
vibration to be in that space
that we need for
the healing process.
>> NOORY: But when
you do use the stones,
what does that do then?
>> BENEDICT: It amplifies
that area of the body.
If I lay somebody out on a
table and I put certain stones
over their chakras, then
those certain stones
could influence how those
chakras work from then
on just by that
vibrational frequency
being in their energy space.
And knowing which stones to
pick is a trick in itself.
>> NOORY: I will assume that
over the past hundreds if not
thousands of years, human beings
have been using stones much
like you do today
to help heal people.
Is that pretty accurate?
>> BENEDICT: As
a matter of fact,
the ice man that we found,
in-- I believe it was the Alps?
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> BENEDICT: --was
carrying a crystal point.
Now, why would he be carrying
a rock around with him?
And yet he also had
tattoos in places
that were part of the
meridian line of challenges
that he had challenges with.
And so this is
information and knowledge
that's been used
throughout so much time.
And then we lose it for a while.
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> BENEDICT: And now
we're coming back to that.
Even the Bible mentions stones
in many different aspects
and different ways.
>> NOORY: How would you know
what particular stone did what
particular thing for you?
>> BENEDICT: Since
I'm clairaudiant,
I hear direct words.
When I buy a new stone, I
put the stone in my hand,
and I ask the stone.
How would you prefer being
used in healing situations?
>> BENEDICT: You talk to stones?
>> BENEDICT: I talk to
the stones, yes I do.
>> NOORY: And do they talk back?
>> BENEDICT: And as a matter of
fact, I hear direct words back.
So I would hear
it's like lung work,
I like to work with lungs.
And so that would be the
information that I give away
at shows is I have a sheet that
has that information on there.
And each of those
stones was information
that I received directly
from the universe-- I'll
say it that way--
about that stone.
>> NOORY: Do you have to go into
any kind of trance or anything
like that?
>> BENEDICT: Not at all.
I just ask, and I know
that it's available.
>> NOORY: Interesting job, Tom.
>> BENEDICT: It's a job.
And yet it's not a job.
It's more of a calling, more
of a passion that I live
and that I just-- when we
live in our passion, life
is so fascinating,
and we live in joy.
>> NOORY: What do these
stones do for you,
the fact that you are
around them so often,
you touch them so often?
>> BENEDICT: Well,
around my house--
and I didn't realize this till
my stepdaughter moved back
in-- we had stones everywhere.
And she was energetic adept.
She felt vibrations very easily.
She couldn't sleep in
my place for months.
>> NOORY: It was just too much?
>> BENEDICT: Too much energy.
And the way that I see it,
the more energy that we get
used to being around and
living in, the more energy
that we're able to access
for healing purposes.
And so I have a huge
altar right next to my bed
with some huge
stones, great stones,
and thousands of stones.
And so I get used
to living with that,
and that access of the
energy is available.
>> NOORY: Well hopefully
after this program,
more and more people will
understand the power of stones.
But how many people
generally, if you're
walking around the streets
and you walk up to them
with a box of these stones, how
many people know what they are
and what they mean?
>> BENEDICT: I would have
to say less than 15%.
>> NOORY: If not
even more, less?
>> BENEDICT: Yes.
>> NOORY: Is that accurate?
More less?
>> BENEDICT: As you asked,
I actually tuned in and got
the number of about 15%.
And so 15% percent,
no more than 15%,
would understand that
you could use stones
in your healing processes.
>> NOORY: But I bet less than
2% could identify these stones.
>> BENEDICT: You're
probably right on that.
I'd go with 3.
But you're so close, you
know, give or take a percent.
>> NOORY: I'm close.
All right.
Let's look at some stones here.
You brought some
pictures and we've
got some actual
samples of these.
What is this first
one we're looking at?
>> BENEDICT: This one is the
apophyllite that we talked
about earlier on
a previous show.
It has a beautiful
white light energy.
It creates sacred space.
And so many of what we
call indigo children,
they get woke up by spirits
in the middle of the night.
And one of the ways that
we could help them--
because spirits are
asking for people
to help them, and
especially wayward spirits.
And this stone, if you
put it in a sunny window
sill in their bedroom,
then usually within two
to four days, there'll be so
much white light in that room
that only their spirit
guides and their helpers
would be allowed
into that space.
So the wayward spirits that woke
them up in the middle of night
can't enter anymore.
>> NOORY: Was this formed with
this actual tip like this,
or was this cut?
>> BENEDICT: It is exactly as
it was formed, natural pyramids.
>> NOORY: That is truly
bizarre, isn't it?
>> BENEDICT: It is.
>> NOORY: How could
something form like this,
this kind of shape?
>> BENEDICT: Sometimes I
just have to put my hands up
in the air, George,
and say, it just is.
>> NOORY: Truly amazing.
OK, let's take a look
at our next batch here.
And you can tell
us what these are.
>> BENEDICT: Black tourmaline.
Black tourmaline,
and black tourmaline
the difference is this
is a natural formation.
>> NOORY: This is
it in the rough.
>> BENEDICT: It is
in a rough form.
The black tourmaline helps us
to stay super, super grounded
so that our focus
is exceptional.
Especially if you're
doing spiritual things,
the better grounded
we are, the easier
it is to do those
spiritual things.
And black tourmaline says,
smack me in the face,
I want to ground so that
I can play so much easier.
That's why this stone
right here, that sphere,
has been in my hand and been
on my space for 15 years.
>> NOORY: Is this is the one you
were holding the time we met?
>> BENEDICT: Yes it was, George.
>> NOORY: And you
would just constantly--
>> BENEDICT: I was
just constantly,
I wanted to be sure I was in
tune with that stone and I
could articulate as
well as I needed to.
>> NOORY: Truly amazing.
All right, next picture.
>> BENEDICT: Brecciated
jasper, brecciated jasper.
And that's this one right here.
Brecciated jasper is
a spectacular stone
to help teach us why the
stones can actually help us.
When we're having skin
or tissue challenges,
our skin or tissue doesn't
have all the perfect vibrations
it needs to accomplish a task.
It could be psoriasis, it
could be just dry skin.
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> BENEDICT: And this stone
has the same vibration
as our tissue.
So if we don't have enough
vibration in our space,
and then we add that
stone to our space,
it boosts that vibration
and helps the skin to heal,
or tissue.
>> NOORY: How long does it take?
How long does the process take
before you see some change?
>> BENEDICT: It depends upon
what challenge we're talking
about.
This stone I gifted a lady.
It was one of those
that jumped out at her.
And I'd gifted it
to her, and she
said, oh honey, my right hand
is always dry, no matter what
I use-- lotion all the time.
And so I gifted it to her, she
went to a one hour lecture,
came back all excited.
Her hand was smooth.
It was soft.
>> NOORY: Just like that?
>> BENEDICT: Just like that.
>> NOORY: Wow.
All right, let's
flip to our next one
and see what we've got here.
>> BENEDICT: Blue lace agate is
an exceptional stone to help us
to stay very relaxed.
And George, as you
know, life is full
of its stressed little game
plans here and there that kind
of pick and aggravate
us a little bit.
This stone helps us to
stay much more relaxed.
>> NOORY: Grounded.
>> BENEDICT: Much more
calmed, much more focused.
And this is just one of
those that I think most
every human ought to carry,
at least for a while, just
to eradicate some of the
stress that we go through
during the day.
It's just a great
stress reliever.
>> NOORY: All right, let's flip
to our next one and see what
we've got here.
>> BENEDICT: Kyanite.
>> NOORY: What are these?
>> BENEDICT: Blue kyanite.
And we've got the raw
form here, and I also
have a tumbled form here.
The blue kyanite balances
the entire chakra system.
It charges the
entire chakra system.
It helps us to stay balanced
and focused no matter
what's going on around us.
The other way of
saying it, it helps
to snap this back
our personal center.
So if you've been around a lot
of emotional things going on
and you just don't feel
quite all together on target,
then blue kyanite is
an exceptional stone
to carry just to keep
all of our chakras just
balanced and focused so that
no matter what's going on
around us, challenging, we
can just still smile and go
on right through it.
>> NOORY: All right.
Let's take a look, we've got
a few more pictures left here.
>> BENEDICT: Citrine, citrine
right here is a fabulous stone
to be a battery.
It's a battery.
>> NOORY: That's a pretty stone.
>> BENEDICT: Isn't it awesome?
It's a battery for us or for
other stones that we carry.
Like if you were
carrying a bloodstone
for a while, or any other stone
that you really just don't
want out of your personal space,
well, to keep it charged up,
you could actually carry
it beside a citrine.
And it's a battery for
us, or for other stones.
>> NOORY: Does it recharge you?
>> BENEDICT: It recharges us,
and sometimes it can have up
to a 10% effect on bringing
us more energy into our own
personal space.
So that's a fabulous
side effect.
>> NOORY: All right.
Let's look at our
last picture here.
>> BENEDICT: Royal chalcedony.
And royal chalcedony--
and that's
this right here--
royal chalcedony,
one of the teachings
that I like with it
is it can help us to
access information
from our past lives.
And the way that we utilize this
is we can put it in our hand
either before dream time
or before meditation
and just ask it to
show us information
that we need to know from any
lifetime we want to choose.
And the best way to
do that is to choose
the same lifetime for three
to four straight days,
skip a day or two, and then
go to any other lifetime
you want to.
But it helps to
bring information,
our personal information,
into our space.
>> NOORY: Tom, if people want
to get a hold of you to get
an interpretation of all these
stones, where do they find you?
>> BENEDICT: My website
is tomstones.org.
And also a phone
number, 502-741-0686.
I do a fabulous job of
answering emails and texts,
and that's one of the
best ways that you
can get in touch with
me, either way of that.
And we'll just set an
appointment up and work it
out, either for a stone
reading or for healing work.
It's all up to them.
>> NOORY: Are there books out
there too for people who want
to learn about the stones, and
obviously they don't possess
the kind of knowledge you have,
so I would have no idea what
these are and what they do.
>> BENEDICT: Right.
And there are many books.
You have to kind of look at
all the books and look at them
and read them really good, like
pick a stone that you really
like.
It might be amethyst.
It might be blue lace agate.
And see what they say about it.
If it harmonizes
with how you feel,
then that would be a
great book to follow.
But so many of them teach so
many different things, just
like me, they tune
into the stones
and they ask the
stones many times
how they can be used in healing.
And a lot of times, that's
channeled information.
And we have to pick the person
that we harmonize with best.
So just take a look at
all the books out there
and see which ones just
kind of harmonize with you.
>> NOORY: All right.
Now let's look at
me as an example.
What kind of stones
would you pick for me,
or do I just reach and pick one?
What happens?
>> BENEDICT: Well, with
you, I know that you like
apophyllites, because who
doesn't like playing with white
light?
>> NOORY: These
are the big ones?
>> BENEDICT: They are the
bigger ones, and I carry--
>> NOORY: The ones
we just showed.
>> BENEDICT: Mmhm.
And I carry the smaller versions
too, just different sizes.
And so the
apophyllite, I like it.
It helps us to live
in sacred space.
And when we live
in sacred space,
we get to smile at
all the challenges
that are going through life.
And George, I think you
do a fine job of that.
You just really like playing
in the white light of life
and looking at everything
from a different perspective.
And that's where this huge
white light beam comes in.
>> NOORY: So you would say that
this stone would be for me,
basically?
>> BENEDICT: Yes.
One of the key
things that you like
as well as the black tourmaline
to stay perfectly grounded.
And this is a polished version.
>> NOORY: Little polish on it.
>> BENEDICT: It's easier
to keep in your pocket.
A lot of times,
the raw versions--
>> NOORY: Yes, that
one would hurt.
>> BENEDICT: That one could.
>> NOORY: Especially
if you sit on it.
>> BENEDICT: I would
suggest not to do that.
>> NOORY: Exactly.
Ouch.
>> BENEDICT: The black
tourmaline in a raw version,
a lot of times falls apart.
And so it may become
many different pieces.
>> NOORY: Where does this one--?
>> BENEDICT: That one goes
right here, my friend,
or in your pocket in a
minute if you'd like.
>> NOORY: How many people are
readers of stones out there?
Just a few I would guess, right?
>> BENEDICT: As far as I know,
I'm the only one at shows that
does what we call
a stone reading,
where I have five
different-colored plastic tooth
picks-- they're actually
olive picks, I think.
And once somebody stands in
front of me, I pick a color,
and that's their color.
I put pins in the stones
that I hear calling to them
and explain why.
And then I have another color
for the next person in line.
That way, they can take
their opportunity of time
anytime they want to
to pick the stones out
of each of those bins that
are ringing with them.
>> NOORY: Do you find
people flock to you?
>> BENEDICT: That does
happen very frequently.
And at shows where
I'm well-known,
there's a line usually for me
to do stone readings for them.
>> NOORY: What do
they want to know?
>> BENEDICT: Where they are and
how they can get through life
easier and with less
pain, aches, emotionals,
and things like that.
They actually want healing.
And it's just fascinating
to see so many,
what some people call miracles,
from people just carrying
these stones.
And I get so much
positive feedback.
Last year, I saw you.
Which stones are
calling to me today?
And as we grow and
we change, then so
do the stones that call to us.
If we were having a challenge
with being less stressed
or stress, then blue
lace is a great stone.
But in a year's time, you
may be a lot more relaxed.
And you may not need that
stone that helps with stress.
>> NOORY: What's
your favorite stone?
>> BENEDICT: Apophyllites also.
>> NOORY: Same one I have?
>> BENEDICT: Same stone, yeah.
It helps me to stay
in sacred space,
or what I call sacred
space, to where
if it's not for my highest
good, it can't enter ever.
>> NOORY: Is there a
bad stone, a dark stone,
out there for people?
>> BENEDICT: Not that I know of.
The only thing I would say is,
if you're looking at stones
and trying to pick
which ones call to you,
then either you can use somebody
like me to help you choose,
or the chakras, the
colors of the chakras,
and match those up
on our challenges.
Or you can just see which
ones look extra pretty.
And it may be like
the Native Americans
call the stones stone people.
And they've been saying that
for years-- eons-- many of them
also hear the stones.
And so if you were looking
for stones on which ones
are most pretty, then it may
be that stone literally calling
to you.
I'm so pretty, oh so
pretty, I'm so pretty.
And it's how it's
calling you to it.
>> NOORY: Rubies, emeralds.
They're stones.
>> BENEDICT: They are.
>> NOORY: Are they
healing stones?
>> BENEDICT: They sure are.
Rubies help our personal
energies of unconditional love.
And that's what I'm
wearing, by the way, ruby.
I just really like rubies.
It helps the unconditional
love that we live in
to amplify and then
spread out further from us
so that like the book,
"The Course in Miracles,"
tells us that we could
walk into a grocery store,
not say one word to anybody.
But if we're radiating
unconditional love,
20 people may have epiphanies.
>> NOORY: What about emeralds?
>> BENEDICT: Emeralds help us to
receive compassion from others
much easier.
A lot of times, the
emeralds that call to people
are because they are fabulous
givers, but not so good
about receiving.
And so emeralds help us to
receive compassion, and allow
others to give to us also.
>> NOORY: Why are stones, some
stones like diamonds, emeralds,
rubies so expensive compared
to stones like this?
>> BENEDICT: Well, the rarity
of the mineral is part of that.
Where they come from, it might
be a very challenging spot
to dig or to get to.
And the other one is
people want to make money.
And the jewelry--
and I'm just going
to say the jewelry
type energies-- they
want to make as much
money as possible.
>> NOORY: So they hold back
stones and control them that
way.
>> BENEDICT: Yeah.
>> NOORY: OK.
We're going to be
back in just a moment
here on "Beyond
Belief," where Tenna
will get a reading
from Tom Benedict.
Well, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
Tom Benedict with me,
the stone energy healer.
And we have Tenna
with us, who is
going to get a little
reading from Tom.
So Tom, I'll let
you do your thing.
>> BENEDICT: All right.
Tenna, thank you so
much for being with us.
One of the first stones I
hear for you is red jasper.
And red jasper--
have you been having
a little bit of a challenge with
your multitasking abilities?
>> TENNA: Slightly.
>> BENEDICT: Slightly, OK.
The red jasper is a soft
and gentle grounder.
It should help your
multitasking abilities
to jump right back
into your body
from the very first second you
put that stone in your hand.
>> TENNA: Great.
>> NOORY: This red
jasper stone, Tom,
is it different for everybody,
or is it always the same?
>> BENEDICT: The teaching of the
red jasper is a good grounder
and it helps the
multitasking ability,
so it is very similar
to most people.
>> NOORY: So if you
had four people,
it would be almost
the same for all four?
>> BENEDICT: As which
stone calls to them, no.
It may be only one or two
of them calls red jasper.
The others may be a
different form of grounder
that would help their same
multitasking abilities.
>> NOORY: But if they
all had red jasper,
then it would be the same?
>> BENEDICT: Yes.
If it was one of the
stones that called to them.
The next stone is
Botswana agate.
>> TENNA: Ooh, I love that one.
>> BENEDICT: Oh, good, good.
This stone helps us to detoxify
our mind, body, and spirit.
My guess is you love to
stay energetically clean.
Is that one of your goals?
OK.
Are you a sea salt
bath kind of person?
>> TENNA: Yes.
>> BENEDICT: I knew that.
And so this stone helps
to pull things out
of your system
that's not necessary.
It could be physical,
like it could
be the diesel smell from
coming down that road that day,
or old dogma stuff that
we were trained with.
The Botswana agate
pulls those things
that are not for our highest
good out of our system.
>> TENNA: Awesome.
I like that.
>> BENEDICT: And so great
phrase that I use with that is,
I release those things
that no longer serve me.
That's where that
stone comes in.
>> NOORY: Who
named these stones?
>> BENEDICT: Whoever found
them gets to name them.
And that's really the way
that works now in general.
Whoever finds them can
label them and name them.
>> NOORY: All right.
What else do we have for her?
>> BENEDICT: The next
one is carnelian.
You're an exceptionally
creative lady, aren't you?
>> TENNA: Mmhm.
I paint.
>> BENEDICT: You paint?
OK.
And my guess is
either you're stuck
on something you've
been painting,
or you've got a bunch
of your craft type work
in the background, which is it?
>> TENNA: I'm a little stuck.
>> BENEDICT: You're
a little stuck.
So you put this
stone, the carnelian,
a great stone for creativity,
you put that on the easel.
And within two weeks,
you may go, I got it!
This is where I go with this!
>> TENNA: Awesome.
>> BENEDICT: So it boosts
all forms of creativity with
ourselves.
>> TENNA: I like that.
>> BENEDICT: And the
next one is blue kyanite.
It can help us to stay much more
balanced and much more focused.
It helps us to snap back
into our center much easier.
And I believe over the last
one, two, three months,
you've been around a lot
of more emotional things
going on around you.
So this stone, even
though we're going
through emotional
challenges, it will
help you to stay stable
and focused a lot better.
>> TENNA: That's great.
>> BENEDICT: That's
right up your alley, too?
>> TENNA: I need that.
>> NOORY: So what do you
think of these, Tenna?
>> TENNA: You know what?
I've always loved stones.
And I have quite a few.
I don't have the ones
that you're giving me,
which I find very interesting.
I don't have these at all.
>> BENEDICT: Then the last
stone, and this one is--
it's a little stone.
>> NOORY: Oh, this
is a little dinky one
>> BENEDICT: Well, you know,
I've got to say, George,
the ones that I sell are
way smaller than that.
This is actually an old stock
from a miner that I bought.
And so this is one of the stones
that, for visualization, I
knew that it would
come in handy.
You have been doing this, honey.
Should I or should I not
about something, haven't you?
And so this is a stone
to help us with courage,
to courageously step
forward into the things
that you've been visualizing.
You've been hesitant about
this for probably eight
months is what I'm hearing.
And so this stone will help you
to just step right into that
like, OK, I can do this.
>> TENNA: Good.
>> NOORY: Let's do it.
That's my business
that I'm starting.
>> BENEDICT: Oh, good.
>> TENNA: And I was
a little hesitant.
But I just recently embraced it.
>> BENEDICT: I'm
so glad for you.
>> TENNA: So this will help.
Now, what is this called?
>> BENEDICT: It's peridot.
>> TENNA: Love it.
>> NOORY: Peridot.
You would never know
that, would you?
>> TENNA: Well, you know,
I thought it was a peridot,
but I wasn't for sure.
Because my birthday's in August
and this is my birthstone.
>> BENEDICT: And so is mine.
>> TENNA: Oh, very good.
>> BENEDICT: So good,
we're both Leos.
>> NOORY: Now, I'm a Gemini.
What's my birthstone?
>> BENEDICT: Astrology
is not my cup of tea.
It's not--
>> NOORY: There's a
little bag for you.
>> BENEDICT: I have a the little
bag for you to carry those
stones.
I just know mine, and I have
a little sheet with others
from books that kind
of match them up.
I'm not sure.
But I believe it's waterstone.
So I'm thinking jade may be
a great connection with you
to evenly and perfectly
flow through life.
>> NOORY: Watch this.
Criss Angel taught me this.
You ready?
>> TENNA: Mmhm.
>> NOORY: What hand?
>> BENEDICT: I
would say this one.
>> NOORY: You're right.
Right before your eyes.
>> BENEDICT: I saw the energy
of the stone, I'm a cheater.
>> NOORY: We're doing
magic and energy healing.
What do you think about the
energy healing with stones
though?
Do you think it really works?
>> TENNA: I actually do.
I have citrine at home.
I have the rose quartz at home.
>> NOORY: So you're into this?
>> TENNA: Yeah.
I like it.
>> BENEDICT: I'm
so glad for you.
>> TENNA: Now, tell
me what does again?
>> BENEDICT: The apophyllites
radiate sacred space.
And I will gift
you four of these
so that you can put them
around your household
and create sacred
space that you live in.
>> TENNA: Do you put them on
the outskirts, or the inside?
>> BENEDICT: Either
way you want to do it.
And that information is on my
website under Stone Teachings
so that you can just read it
and just follow the game plan.
I love the way that works.
When we live in sacred space,
everything as possible.
>> TENNA: So would you bury
it in the ground outside?
>> BENEDICT: You
could bury it outside.
You could put it in farthest
corners of inside the house.
That part's irrelevant.
>> TENNA: I like that.
>> NOORY: And hope
nobody takes them.
>> TENNA: Yeah, exactly.
>> NOORY: Are there any stones
out there for spiritual things,
for God-like things?
>> BENEDICT: Selenite is one
of those spectacular stones
for that.
The selenite really amplifies
God's light that we live in
and that we work in.
>> TENNA: Beautiful.
>> BENEDICT: And the
apophyllites also,
they radiate more of
a Christ-like energy.
>> NOORY: Now, why are
they all different shapes?
>> BENEDICT: Different
vibrations, different minerals,
and different formations
create that different shape.
They found a selenite
mine in Mexico
that has 50-foot blades
that weight two tons.
>> NOORY: Wow.
>> BENEDICT: People can't-- as
a matter of fact, this cavern--
>> NOORY: They cut those up?
>> BENEDICT: Uh huh.
And out of this
cavern, you can't
be in it for three
minutes without dying.
>> NOORY: Are there actually
companies that sell these
stones and finds them?
>> BENEDICT: Yes, there are.
And I deal with about
10 of those, 10 or 15
of those companies to keep
the supply going that I have.
>> NOORY: What do
you think, Tenna?
>> TENNA: I'm fascinated.
Now, what would be one
to have in your car,
safe driving and
protecting shield?
>> BENEDICT: And the shield
that we talked about,
the hematite shield would
be spectacular to use.
>> NOORY: That's that
heavy, metal-feeling one.
>> BENEDICT: It does.
It has that hard kind of metal.
But as I teach on my website
under Stone Teachings,
the hematite shield you could
use around your whole vehicle.
And I did that once.
And I was doing--
let's just say that it
was a little over
the speed limit.
And I ran across a guy around a
corner doing 40 miles an hour.
>> NOORY: Why does
this feel metallic?
>> BENEDICT: It has
a lot of iron in it.
>> NOORY: It's very heavy.
Did you notice how heavy it is?
>> TENNA: Oh yeah.
>> BENEDICT: I missed that
person because I was using this
shield.
And I had extended that
shield out in front of me
for several feet.
And literally, the guy
that-- another friend that
was driving in the
vehicle beside me-- he
said, Tom, I don't know
how you missed that truck.
Because it was doing
40, and I was doing 80.
And just like
that, it was there.
>> NOORY: Well,
that's fascinating.
Well Tenna, thanks
for joining us.
>> TENNA: Thank you.
>> NOORY: And good luck with
your use of the stones, OK?
>> TENNA: Thank you.
Thank you so much, Tom.
>> BENEDICT: Many blessings.
>> NOORY: And Tom, always a
pleasure to you, my friend.
>> BENEDICT: Many
blessings, George.
Thank you.
>> NOORY: Energy
healing with stones.
It's remarkable.
Each stone has a
different property.
So the next time you're
perusing and you're saying,
hey, you know what?
I want something to
create a better mood,
or I want a stone
that brings me riches.
Each stone can help you.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]